Working on the AEAD description (#135)
Haivision/srt-rfc: draft-sharabayko-srt.md

## Overview

SRT implements encryption using AES {{AES}} in Counter Mode (AES-CTR) {{SP800-38A}}
and in Galois/Counter Mode (AES-GCM, starting from SRT v1.6.0) {{RFC7714}} with a short-lived key
to encrypt and decrypt the media stream. The AES-CTR cipher is suitable for continuous stream encryption
that permits decryption from any point, without access to start of the stream (random access),
and for the same reason tolerates packet loss. It also offers strong confidentiality when the counter is managed properly.

> The AES-GCM mode can provide an additional lavel of security by ensuring the data is no altered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AES-GCM mode can provide an additional lavel of security by ensuring the data is not altered.
```

SRT uses key lengths (KLen) of 128, 192, and 256 bits based on the configuration exchanged in the KM packet
({{sec-ctrlpkt-km}}).

### Encryption Scope

SRT encrypts only the payload of SRT data packets ({{data-pkt}}), while the header is left unencrypted.
The unencrypted header contains the Packet Sequence Number field used to keep the synchronization
of the cipher counter between the encrypting sender and the decrypting receiver.
No constraints apply to the payload of SRT data packets as no padding of the payload is required by counter mode ciphers.
Message authentication in case of AES-GCM mode is performed both for payload and data packet header.

### AES Counter

The counter both for AES-CTR and AES-GCM is the size of the cipher's block, i.e. 128 bits. It is derived from
the Initialisation Vector (IV) submitted for the AES encryption of the payload and the block counter used by the AES engine internally
to count blocks in the packet payload.

#### AES-CTR Initialisation Vector (IV)

> The Initialisation Vector (IV) for the AES-CTR encryption mode is derived 
> by exclusive ORing the first 112 bits of the Salt provided in the Keying Material ({{sec-ctrlpkt-km}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Initialisation Vector (IV) for the AES-CTR encryption mode is derived by using the "exclusive-OR"
operation on the first 112 bits of the Salt provided in the Keying Material ({{sec-ctrlpkt-km}})
```
